README.md, before:

GPV Interactive Report/Grid to MSExcel
=================================

Getting results of your Interactive Report/Grid in Microsoft Excel. 

## About

The "GPV Interactive Report/Grid to MSExcel v2" APEX plugin lets you get results of your Interactive Report or Interactive Grid in XLSX-format, ready to be used in Microsoft Excel.

Many features of Interactive Reports are supported:
 *  APEX 5 support
 *  Different Rendering Engines
 *  Correct export of datatypes (String/Date/Number/Timestamp)
 *  Filtering and Sorting
 *  Control Break
 *  Computations
 *  Aggregations
 *  No BI Publisher Required
 *  (new in 3.0) Export from Interactive Grid

The minimum required APEX-version is 5.0 for Interactive Report, 5.1.3 for Interactive Grid.
Documentation, downloads, and other useful information can be found [here](http://glebovpavel.github.io/Description_IR_TO_XSLX/).
Here's a link to the [main project page + demo](http://glebovpavel.github.io/Description_IR_TO_XSLX/).

## Current Version

Version 3.13

## Current Stable Version

Version 2.21

## License

See LICENSE.md (MIT)

Commit message:

Add Important Section into because of fail in v3.13

README.md, after:

GPV Interactive Report/Grid to MSExcel
=================================

Getting results of your Interactive Report/Grid in Microsoft Excel. 

## Important

Version 3.13 was assembled with errors. It works, but sometimes you get corrupted excel files. 
Please download the least version from [master](https://github.com/glebovpavel/IR_to_MSExcel/archive/master.zip). 

## About

The "GPV Interactive Report/Grid to MSExcel v2" APEX plugin lets you get results of your Interactive Report or Interactive Grid in XLSX-format, ready to be used in Microsoft Excel.

Many features of Interactive Reports are supported:
 *  APEX 5 support
 *  Different Rendering Engines
 *  Correct export of datatypes (String/Date/Number/Timestamp)
 *  Filtering and Sorting
 *  Control Break
 *  Computations
 *  Aggregations
 *  No BI Publisher Required
 *  (new in 3.0) Export from Interactive Grid

The minimum required APEX-version is 5.0 for Interactive Report, 5.1.3 for Interactive Grid.
Documentation, downloads, and other useful information can be found [here](http://glebovpavel.github.io/Description_IR_TO_XSLX/).
Here's a link to the [main project page + demo](http://glebovpavel.github.io/Description_IR_TO_XSLX/).

## Current Version

Version 3.13

## Current Stable Version

Version 2.21

## License

See LICENSE.md (MIT)
